All right guys welcome back.
This lecture we're going to talk about where you can find good photographs online.
If you don't want to use any of the stock ones that are included any of the tools that we go through
most tools have a lot of stock images you can use and a lot of times even on Instagram you can find
ones but if you didn't want to use one of those you wanted to go it alone by yourself.
You can actually find them online.
Now the number one rule when it comes to finding stock photography online is make sure that it's high
resolution rare your images are by default 10 80 by 10 80.
So if you're gonna be using an image that covers the entirety of that post it needs to be at least 10
85 10 80.
This happens all the time.
You get one that 720 by 720 or something like that and you end up stretching it and that just looks
like crap and Instagram is the most sensitive of the social media platforms to that kind of what we
call restoration but it's really just stretching the number to rule when it comes to finding images
online is understand what Creative Commons is.
OK.
You might have some issues with copyright.
A lot of times people take photographs and they're copyrighted.
There's a lot of even famous stories about copyright photos being taken away from people.
If you go to Wikipedia you actually can see that they're in a lawsuit with a man who went to go take
photos of monkeys drop his camera and then the monkey took the camera and took a selfie of himself.
He claims it's his copyright.
Wikipedia claims that it's the monkeys copyright.
I have no idea when that one.
What Creative Commons is is a public license meaning that people can designate their images their videos
their writing even as Creative Commons.
That basically means anybody can use it.
It doesn't mean that you have to give them attribution.
Does it mean they have to pay them royalties.
It's just free.
OK.
So a lot of people go out there and just grab whatever they can.
Just make sure that it fits within Creative Commons.
OK the first thing I do what I'm looking for outside images is just a check a lot of different Web sites
that have tons and tons and tons of them.
So the first place I suggest looking out is on Splash dot com.
Now on Splash one in the originals it started making photos that didn't suck and you can kind of scroll
through and see that they're all high resolution.
That's great.
And there's a lot of them and they're not terrible I mean it's San Francisco.
That's an awesome photo.
There's tons and tons of these.
So I'm just going to go through the other ones that I think are worth checking out here.
The next one I think worth looking at is called Death to the stock photo.
Dot com.
This one is another one these ones those kind of a trailblazer.
They have really nice photos that are kind of not something you'd expect.
I mean they've just really well curated and their free version perfectly fine.
What they do is actually they email you every week or month with a bunch of new ones so they're brand
new.
I mean that's the benefit there is that no one else has used them yet.
The downside is they don't have a database that you can search the next one is pick jumbo OK.
I think it's the same.
It's a little a combination of the two.
They'll send you e-mails with new ones which is great.
And they also have a database right here that you can just see all of these they have article featuring
click more images like this and they use that basic photo A.I. to kind of decide what photograph to
show you.
Tons and tons of cool photos there as well.
Next one pixels pixels Yeah with an E there's another one great part about this place actually is that
they not only filter them by photographer which can be kind of cool if you find one that you really
like.
They also do videos.
So finding stock video is actually quite a bit harder than stock images just because I know many people
that make them.
And more people are insistent on you paying so pixels as one of them.
Next one is pixel eBay.
It's just another one.
Works same way as everybody else.
They have ones that other ones don't have.
Maybe they have the same ones.
I don't even know they have an app that's kind of nice if you want to download it directly to your phone
through an app that can save you time.
This is one I use all the time actually it's free pick with a K..
I like them a lot because they give you vectors and a vector is an image that is infinitely scalable.
So if you stretched it it doesn't lose any definition.
It doesn't look crappy like normally happens if you have photo and you went like that.
They are great for illustrations.
They're great for icons.
You'll even notice some of the things that we use in this course came from free pick.
We get ideas from them as well.
Now if that's kind of overwhelming having like six choices to go to there is all the free stock dot
com was once great as well it's kind of ugly hard to use but what they claim is that they've taken all
the images and the other ones and stuck them together into one place.
So you can search for everything through here including stock like videos and fonts and icons and things
like that.
Downside to this place is just that it's the user interface right.
The reason people continue to use these other ones is that they actually have a fancy like search queries
and ways of filtering your list view of images.
They help you find things more quickly or is this one and not so much but they have everything and it's
all free.
OK now another thing you might do at some point is do a placement image.
Now what that means that you take an image and you throw it on a screen of some sort.
And there's two places I like for doing that.
One is place at dot net.
So what you do is you notice how there are phones here and as you scroll over you can see what it looks
like if I dropped a screen onto it.
That's great if you're trying to do like a mockup.
If you're promoting an app or something right and you click right here and then you can upload the screen
of your app and it will automatically paste it here and then give you all sorts of different sizes.
They cost money when you actually download them.
So keep that in mind.
It's not too expensive because you can use smaller ones.
You don't need a giant blown up image.
They'll give you whatever you need.
Over here you can actually sorted by what object you actually want because sometimes it's just a bunch
of random stuff.
So if you wanted Mac books for instance you could do this and you'll notice this is pretty Mac heavy.
Although they do have Android here and they also have pieces.
But the amount of images they have are just not nearly as the same as Max.
OK.
The other one.
Same thing it's place too and it's not as easy to use but it's all free.
OK.
So the same thing like you drag and drop.
I don't like their stuff as much because they just don't look as good as you can tell these kind of
look a little more amateur.
Maybe that's something that you want.
I mean they're still good photos.
They're just not the same as that clean crisp kind of look at the other site but hey it's free.
So find something I want to throw there I can drop it on and it pop up here and then I could just save
it and you wouldn't actually end up having the watermark.
OK.
Now the last trick I want to show you is how if you cannot find what you're looking for in any of those
sites which could happen if you want something really specific is to go to google images and as you
know they have every photo on the entire Internet.
But the question is which ones can I use.
About people getting angry at me.
And so what you can do is just go to settings and it should allow you to go to advance search.
And over here usage rights.
OK.
So not filtered by license.
You want to go free to use or share even commercially or even you go this one.
So this is like the maximum and then you set that and you should be good and then anything you search
for.
So I wanted to talk truck search that I know that any one of these images is free to use.
I can take it and do whatever the hell I want with it.
OK guys.
That's it.
The last tip I'll leave you with is if you do end up using an image someone gets mad at you but really
the recourse is just to take it down.
I mean that's how it works.
If you just have no idea if someone actually owns it just posted in the caption Say message me for copyright
you'll see that quite a bit on other people's accounts and if they do they message you and you take
it down and apologize.
It's really no harm no foul.
All right guys check out those Web sites are pretty sweet the resources we have even more.
See you next lecture.